NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
Are you suggesting
that I should fabricate the truth?
-What? Where'd you get that?
-We don't have evidence.
You want me to pretend
I saw Mr. Kim kill Min-hui.
I wasn't at the hospital.
I didn't see anyone or observe--
Enough! Just shut your mouth!
You weren't at the hospital.
but you know what happened there.
It's not lying if you know the truth.
And the truth is.
Su-hun went to meet the letter-writer.
He basically admitted
to committing the crime
when he showed up
to discuss the security footage.
That's what counts.
And you were at the park
to witness that yourself. Lee Kang!
Hey. Why are you so quiet?
Because I wouldn't be writing
about my own experience.
This would be the opposite
of what you've been telling me.
All this time you've been teaching me.
you said a writer must be objective.
that we have to depict reality as it is.
This is real. and you can write it.
You're not concocting evidence or lying.
You're just taking a little
creative license to round out the story.
That's all.
Artistic liberty is not fraud.
You don't need the whole truth.
This is when a writer needs to decide
if this truth is important.
I don't know. Professor.
What's the point
of putting that out there?
The world needs this story.
Kim Su-hun has gotten away with murder.
An author has a duty
to go where the story leads.
I know.
But I'm afraid I can't.
I don't have the energy to finish it.
I'm too worried about my dad.
He's not doing so great.
and he really needs me.
Would you mind being the one
who puts the final touches on the story?
You mean. I would write it?
Why wouldn't you?
I'm not the author here. Come on!
But you are an author.
a published one.
Please do this
or it'll never get finished.
I'm begging you. sir.
Finish my story. Please.
Wait a second!
Hey! Hey! Don't be an idiot!
Lee Kang. don't you dare hang up on m--
Bastard! Who the hell
do you think you are?
God dammit!
What did he say?
I should finish the story?
I…
need to finish the story.
I'm the author now.
I had trouble understanding
what the writer was attempting to say.
Honestly. I thought.
why would you bother writing
without saying anything?
There's nothing wrong with that. you know?
But most of all. you should
revisit how to write good sentences.
Son of a bitch.
Kim Su-hun. are you ready?
Because I'll show you no mercy this time.
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
BY HEO MUN-OH
Oh God.
I didn't imagine it.
I did it.
I finally did it.
Heo Mun-oh.
My second novel.
Oh. well. look who it is.
Calling at the crack of dawn after you--
-Professor!
-You hung up--
I've been trying
to get a hold of you for hours!
If you keep yelling like that.
I'm gonna hang up this instant.
You've got some nerve. kid--
Do you know
how many times I've called you?
What?
LEE KANG
13 MISSED CALLS
Thirteen? What's going on?
It's crazy.
Promise you'll try not to lose it
when you hear what I'm about to say.
You know the last scene
at the hospital we talked about?
Well. that scene isn't how it ends.
There's an even scarier one.
and I think it's happening right now!
W… w… what are you talking about?
You're not making sense.
Move it! Come on! Shit!
I woke up really early. and I saw
that I missed a call from Se-yun.
SE-YUN
2 MISSED CALLS
I had a bad feeling. so I called him back.
The person you are
trying to call is not available. Please…
Kang! Kang!
Kang. Kang!
Kang…
It's Se-yun. Are you listening?
It's my dad. He's trying to kill us.
He's planning to start a fire
to burn the house down.
He's burning the house down?
With her in it?
He's murdering his wife and son?
The end of the message
is horrifying. It chilled me to the bone.
Is that…
That sound is the last thing I heard.
I don't know if they're still alive.
I'm so scared. Professor.
I think he found out
that Eun-joo knew what he's been up to.
and he can't let his secret get out.
He's desperate.
He stands to lose everything.
I'm going to the house.
But it'll take me a while to get back
to the city. so I was hoping you could
do me a favor and go there yourself.
maybe before it's too late.
Yes. of course. I'm going.
Just text me the address.
You measly fucking coward.
You'd rather kill your own family.
You can't stand the idea of failure
so you do this?
Yun…
Where's Se-yun?
My son.
Where is he? I wanna see Yun.
Where is my son?
Tell me he's all right.
Tell me you didn't.
I'm begging you.
How could you?
How can you kill your own flesh and blood?
He is our child!
Get off!
This is your fault.
Why couldn't you just leave it alone?!
I'm doing this to protect us.
You left me no choice.
If you'd kept the secret…
…we could have
kept pretending our family had it all.
Su-hun. I'll kill you!
If my Eun-joo dies in that fire.
I'll kill you.
This isn't how the story ends.
I won't allow it.
This is not how her life ends.
This is not her story.
You will not kill my Eun-joo.
EMERGENCY SERVICES
What the hell?
Come on. Let's go.
Black sedan.
license ending 6904. stop your vehicle.
6904!
Pull over immediately!
Police? I'll lead you right to it.
You're gonna have to hit the gas!
I'm not pulling over. okay?
This is gonna destroy your life.
you sick fuck!
Everyone's gonna see you
hauled away in handcuffs!
6904. pull over!
That's an order.
This guy's nuts. Let's get closer.
Yes. sir. Gladly.
I don't smell any smoke.
Whoa.
Move! Move!
Move!
Doesn't seem to be anyone here.
We'll wait a few minutes.
-When did--
-Why aren't you inside? Huh?
Why are you all standing out here? Huh?
Hello. sir. Are you the one
who called in the fire?
I did. But who cares?
Why aren't you in there putting it out
instead of asking questions?
Break down the damn door!
That man's in there now!
He set the whole place on fire
with his wife and son inside!
Hey! Kim Su-hun!
You sick bastard! I won't let you do this!
-Open the door! Open the door!
-That won't work.
And there's no fire.
We don't smell any smoke.
What's going on?
We were called for multiple injuries.
Oh.
It's likely a false alarm. Sorry.
Are you sure…
you don't have the wrong address?
You idiots!
You need to get in there!
Someone's gonna die if you don't!
-Go in!
-Why didn't you pull over. huh?
-We've been chasing this guy.
-Let us in. crazy asshole!
That's enough.
You own the car with the 6904 plates?
Do you know
how many infractions you're in for?
I wanted you to follow. I need help.
You need to get in there.
Open it! Break it down!
Don't just stand there! Do something!
There's still time to save her.
You have to save her.
I can't let her die!
I have to save Eun-joo!
Hey!
Break it before he kills her!
It's Kim Su-hun.
You know who he is. right?
This is his house. Okay?
That crazy bastard is nothing like
the guy you see on television.
He's in there killing his own family
because they know. He is!
Save them and arrest him!
And break this damn door down!
You need to get in there!
-Break this down before it's too late!
-Sir. enough.
-You won't get away with this!
-Calm down.
-Do not resist. sir. Calm down.
-I need to save her. Let me go!
-Prof. Heo? What's going on?
Sir?
What's wrong? Why are you at my house?
-Mun-oh?
-Huh?
Heo Mun-oh?
You're Heo Mun-oh. from school.
Why are all these people here?
Is something wrong?
He doesn't look so good.
Mun-oh…
Why are you here?
Perhaps we should go inside
while you discuss the situation
with our son's professor?
LEE KANG
You need to pick up.
Pick up your phone. Lee Kang.
You think I'm playing?
Answer when I call you. dammit!
Pick up. you shit!
You sent me on a wild goose chase!
-Eun-joo was just fine.
-The person…
PROF. HEO MUN-OH
Lee Kang!
Wait there!
Hey! I'm talking to you!
Where are you going?
We need to talk! Stop right there!
There was no fire! Hey! Get back here!
You little sh…
Wait!
Where the hell is he?
You packed?
Are you going somewhere?
Lee Kang? He was here earlier. is that it?
And you two enjoyed a bottle?
Together?
He was alone here with you?
What did he say?
Why did he wanna see you?
I deserve an answer!
What did he say?
What did that little shit tell you?
He's crazy! You can't believe
a word that he says!
He didn't show up by accident. did he?
This was planned. wasn't it?
It wasn't for a lesson. I know that.
Your smile.
Are you smiling at something he said.
or something you two did?
Did you invite that kid in for a drink
and then into your bed?
This is…
This is some kind of joke. right?
Kang isn't a kid. He's a young man.
Yeah. So?
How can he be so ungrateful?
A woman like you deserves to be cherished.
Feel free to imagine what went on.
Paint a picture in your head.
That's what you do. isn't it?
What did you do?
Where's this coming from. Hyeon-suk?
-Since when have you been--
-It's been a while.
Kang reached out on his own.
Because he was worried
about your obsession with Eun-joo.
He lied.
Mentoring was just an excuse. I see.
He used you. Kang.
Both of us.
You could barely call them lessons.
I realized pretty quickly the professor's
interest in my story wasn't normal.
And he chooses to ignore
the story that matters.
You're not the woman
he wrote his book about either.
I always knew that.
I just let it slide.
Put it down to creative license.
Are you scared?
Why did you want me to know these things?
I'm not sure.
You tell me.
We met a few more times after that.
We established a genuine connection.
Jesus.
That piece of shit got you
to listen to his lies? Huh?
Did you have sex?
That's what you're asking?
That's what caught your attention?
Kang is a bright one.
You don't know which story really matters.
You have no idea how good you've had it.
Well. what story matters to you? Tell me.
No need.
Our stories are going their separate ways.
I'm confused.
Of course you are.
Put in simpler terms. I'm out.
I don't have the patience or the desire.
I want a life where I decide what counts.
Don't go.
Jo Hyeon-suk.
Don't do this. Hyeon-suk.
I can't live without you.
Don't do this.
What's happening?
I lost my wife.
What have I done?
Yeah?
Mun-oh! Thank God!
I'm glad you answered my call.
Have you seen the forum yet?
It's really something else.
That's for students.
What's going on?
Well. I'm not sure
I should be the one to tell you this.
Maybe… um…
Just tell me what's on the forum.
Spit it out.
So… Okay. maybe just a little
to give you an idea here. Uh…
"Prof. Heo Mun-oh forced me
to write defamatory content
regarding the author Kim Su-hun."
Uh… "Blinded by jealousy.
he fabricated information
and made-up scenarios
with the intention
of destroying Mr. Kim's reputation."
And it continues with.
"Once I called him out on it.
he tried to bribe me to keep quiet."
"He offered to get the test questions
for the coding competition
to me in advance."
"When I refused. he quit tutoring me.
and he stole my work
and claimed it as his own."
That's it in a nutshell.
And it was posted anonymously.
They also mentioned
they're uploading a copy
of the recently finished novel
as evidence of your wrongdoing.
This is nuts.
Views are skyrocketing
as I'm reading this.
and so are the comments.
It's spreading like wildfire.
Is this a prank? Is there…
Is there any truth to this crazy claim?
My novel.
Where's my story?
It should be here.
I know it's in here.
Where is it?
Don't tell me he took it.
Was he in here?
How dare you come in here
without permission. huh?
You think you can steal it?
The person
you are trying to call is not available.
-To leave a message. press one.
-What?!
Steal from me! You lying son of a bitch!
The person
you are trying to call is not available.
-To leave a message. press one.
-Answer the phone!
You lousy fuck! That was my work!
Damn you! That was my novel!
You stole my work! You bastard!
It's my work!
You don't deserve it!
Lee Kang.
Is that even your name?
How could you do this?
How could you do this to me?
I taught you to write!
Today. we have shocking updates
on the story.
which started with serious allegations
that Prof. Heo Mun-oh
of Yeonseo University in Seoul.
forced one of his students
to write a novel slandering
best-selling author Kim Su-hun.
I feel so bad for…
Today. the novel was posted
in its entirety on the same online forum.
adding more fuel
to this rumor-filled fire.
Causing particular outrage is the fact
that Kim Su-hun is depicted
as a philandering.
bloodthirsty psychopath.
He can't even write his own work.
What a loser.
TRASH BELONGS IN THE TRASH CAN!
In response.
Mr. Kim's legal representative stated
that they are preparing a lawsuit.
as the novel can be considered
a deliberate attempt
to defame their client's reputation.
Meanwhile. Yeonseo University
has called Heo Mun-oh
before the disciplinary committee.
Public attention is focused on
how they will handle this situation.
So you're saying
this student deceived you?
Do you think that excuses your behavior?
You're the one in a position of authority.
and your excuse is this measly letter
outlining your lack of responsibility?
How do you intend to repair
the damage your actions have caused
to our reputation?
Your unethical behavior
has put the university
under heavy and negative scrutiny
in all media.
For most of your time here.
you've had an excellent record.
But recently.
you've cancelled several classes
and stopped attending faculty meetings.
Moreover. you are accused of stealing
test questions from a colleague
in order to help a student cheat.
There's no excuse for that.
What you did is not only unethical
but absolutely illegal. It's theft.
Prof. Heo.
you took Lee Kang under your wing.
You mentored this student.
You claim you don't have
his contact information.
And Mr. Kang has asked
for a leave of absence
due to the stress of the situation.
All right.
If we accept the idea
that you were lied to and deceived
by the student you chose to mentor.
would you care to explain
why he did it?
Because there must be a reason.
I wish I could explain.
But I don't know what motivated him.
All I did was try to teach him.
You have the wrong number.
so get lost and go fuck yourself!
Mm.
It's been a while. Prof. Heo.
This is Lee Kang.
I sent you an email. You should read it.
I should read it.
You've got some nerve. you lying fuck.
PROF. HEO. HERE IS MY LAST ASSIGNMENT
Dear Professor.
How have you been?
I heard you were looking
to get a hold of me.
I figure you must have a lot of questions.
If you're reading this.
consider it as a reward for your patience.
As my last assignment.
I'm taking you back to the beginning.
Do you remember the first time we met?
It was 12 years ago.
Twelve years ago?
We're almost there.
Do you think you can stop sulking now?
You're the one who forced me to come here.
Don't act surprised if I'm cranky.
You're always cranky.
You've been cooped up for weeks.
You need to get out.
You're in a rut.
Maybe you just need to change things up.
You said you don't have any good ideas.
so I thought a change of scenery
will help you get some.
I didn't realize it's close to the water.
-It's gorgeous.
-Enough.
It's an orphanage. I'm not good with kids.
I'm the one working with them.
You can just sit there and read.
Or go for a walk outside.
This'll be fun. I'll buy you dinner after.
Oh!
A-Are we stuck?
You're kidding.
Crud.
NEW DRIVER
Honey. we're stuck in a pothole.
Hold on.
Jesus.
Look is what you do
when you're driving the car.
Too late now.
Let's hope it's not a flat.
So when one of your friends
gives the same answer as you.
you're going to put a sticker there.
This is a fun way to see
how many things we have in common.
When you complete a line with stickers.
you're going to yell. "Bingo!"
Can you guys try it?
Bingo!
Fantastic!
Now let's try a question.
What's your favorite fruit?
-This is for babies.
-Watermelon. okay.
Who cares about fruit?
Can I go?
Sorry?
Do I have to do this?
No one has to do it.
You can just watch.
Or you can color
or play with the stickers.
Hmm?
How old are you?
Why do adults always ask my age?
I'll tell you mine if you tell me yours.
I asked you that 'cause I'm curious.
I just turned eight.
I'm wondering why
you're not playing with the others.
Don't you like stickers?
After the games. we have to
talk about why we're here.
I don't wanna do that.
You mean. they want you
to talk about your parents?
I said I don't wanna do that.
If I share my memories with strangers.
they won't be special anymore.
Hmm. I see.
I have an idea.
I'd like to try something with you. Hmm?
Stand up.
You'll need to be able to see the water.
Look over there at the ducks.
You see them? Let's talk about them.
Enjoying a swim on a nice day.
-For real?
-Mm. For real.
The baby duck. we know he's the baby
because he's smaller.
and he's sticking close to his parents.
See? You sure?
That duckling is you.
The other two. the one in front.
making sure he's sticking close.
that one's the mama.
And then the bigger one.
that one's the papa.
I suggest
we try talking about this duck family.
We'll pretend
their story is yours.
-Their story?
-Mm. That's right.
Why do you think the duckling was annoyed?
Why didn't he… wanna talk earlier?
What got him
so angry and quiet inside?
The baby duck feels alone.
His family's gone.
His parents died.
He's sad.
Because…
he misses them. more than he can stand.
Thanks to that man's kindness.
that little boy learned about stories.
Thanks to the tale about the duck family.
he was able to do something
he hadn't done in a long time.
Open up about his parents.
The daddy duck was so strong.
His job made him like that.
Those moments were magical for that boy.
For the first time
since he'd come to the orphanage.
he could talk about his mom and dad.
He wasn't afraid to share his memories.
…and mama duck.
Where would they go?
They would take rides in the dad's truck.
And they would have a huge picnic.
They played and laughed their heads off.
The baby duck was really happy.
He had the best family.
Thank you again for coming.
It's so good for the children.
They're so sweet. They seem happy here.
I should be the one
thanking you for this session.
As you know. this kind of work
goes towards my degree.
You reached out just when I needed.
Thanks again. The children were wonderful.
Thank you. I'll pass that on.
-Bye.
-Best of luck with your studies.
Excuse me?
Oh. Hello.
I spoke to the other teacher.
The other…
Ah!
Um. I was just wondering
where he went off to.
You wanna say goodbye?
You're worse than the kids.
It's possible you missed your calling.
That little boy
I saw you talking to outside.
it sounds like you had a great connection.
He was hoping to catch you just now.
He wanted your address
so he could write to you.
He wants to stay in touch.
He said you showed him
how to make a good story.
Whatever you two talked about.
you made that little boy's day.
Did you give him our address?
Of course I did. He was so sweet.
His name is Lee Kang.
I don't wanna know who he is
or stay in touch.
You were pretty interested
in his story. weren't you?
I was being polite to a child.
He didn't like your thing
so he walked out.
I thought he'd be
a good character study. at least.
But he's just an orphan. It's always
the same scenario with these kids.
A car crash or some illness.
Nothing special to inspire
or make one stand out above the others.
How can you be so uncaring?
How are you not inspired?
All the trauma these kids
have been through so young.
I know they've been through a lot.
All I said is that he doesn't stand out.
You need something special
for a story to really move you.
Anyway. it doesn't matter. Let's go.
If he sends something.
I won't bother answering. Okay?
We're done.
You drove here. I'll drive back.
YEONSEO UNIVERSITY
PROF. HEO MUN-OH. KOREAN LITERATURE
One. two. three! Cheese!
Okay. Dad. your turn.
WELCOME. YEONSEO UNIVERSITY FRESHMEN
Do a finger heart.
PROFESSOR'S OFFICE. HEO MUN-OH
Aw. man. I'm never gonna
learn my way around here.
You sure it's this floor? I'm so lost.
-Huh?
-Oh. Prof. Heo.
I have him for a writing class
this semester.
I heard his classes are tough.
He's old-school. been around forever.
Yeah. I heard that too.
He actually went to school
with my parents.
He and my dad were in the same program.
'cause they both wanted to be writers.
My dad was better at it.
The professor couldn't stand it.
He wrote one book. and since then.
never wrote another word.
But the funniest thing is
he had a huge crush on my mom.
Used to follow her around.
Oh. You're in YDOC too?
I've got the same bag.
I'm Kim Se-yun.
I just started in Library Science. You?
Hi. My name's Lee Kang.
Electronic Engineering.
-This place is huge!
-Yeah. I guess.
-You guys hungry? Snacks in the kitchen.
-Mom loves having people over.
Yun!
Oh!
These are for you.
-Wow. It looks so good.
-Enjoy. you guys.
By the way. the housekeeper. Min-hui…
…purely a figment of my imagination.
Stay there.
I'm sorry I ever thought
I could mentor you.
We are done!
-No.
-Oh my God!
-Call emergency!
I don't know what to do. Anyone know CPR?
At that moment.
your words came back to me.
You said that for a story to stand out.
it had to have something special
that really moves you.
So that woman…
Is Min-hui.
The one who's hurt?
And he's there.
-Who is? Where?
-Is that blood?
That's Se-yun's dad?
He's the one
you've been writing about?
The accident…
…was a lucky coincidence.
Mr. Kim!
-There you are. Go with her.
-Of course.
-Oh my God.
-Can I go with her? She works with us.
-Thank you. Thank you.
-Oh my God. What happened?
Hello.
Professor.
While we're not friends.
he's not a complete stranger either.
However.
to help you with your studies.
I think continuing… our individual…
From then on.
I wasn't writing the story anymore.
-You were.
-And for you. and for me too.
Kang.
what's with that look on your face lately?
Something on your mind?
You know you can tell me.
I'm trying to wrap up a project.
But I'm almost finished.
It sounds like a pretty big deal.
If it's stressing you out.
you don't have to come visit.
You should focus on your work.
It's my job to make sure
you're all right. isn't it?
Because you're family.
You're like my second dad.
Or like a mother hen.
You're so full of it.
I know you called me "the drill sergeant"
behind my back.
But kids always think
their parents don't know these things.
So…
…how's your story these days?
Just shut your mouth!
It's not lying if you know it's the truth.
And the truth is.
Su-hun went to meet the letter-writer.
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
BY HEO MUN-OH
I finally did it.
Heo Mun-oh…
…your second novel.
So…
how's your story these days?
Is it special?
Are you enjoying it?
That damn kid.
Well played.
Well played!
You little shit.
This goes back to that?
The three ducks.
I trusted you!
What do you think. Professor?
Do you think it stands out?
Faust. Hmm.
People are still willing
to tackle the classics. huh?
You'll enjoy it more
if you look into how it was written.
How are you paying?
I know how it was written.
It evolved over a 60-year period.
It spanned most of the author's life.
I need help
to get my story out.
I could use some professional guidance.
What's the story?
It's to be continued.
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW